hey what's up youtubers digital back in
the video and today I think I might have
got spawned in the worst world ever on
minecraft an xbox 360 edition or the
best one I don't know but here let me
show you the world so this is the seat
on top you probably see it to 4 4 to 3
i'm not to be the whole thing but you
can see the seat over there and i'm i'm
gonna be on creative on peaceful so
let's load this okay now the first spot
in this world I couldn't believe it
because I just spawned in the middle of
the ocean like nowhere look at this like
what is this what is this I'm like oh my
god I'm gonna die in the ocean like
freaking geez okay and then I explore
the whole map and as you can see there's
like a big island over this way so let's
go over there and the island is pretty
it's pretty normal sized this and this
is the only really big island on this
whole map on this whole freakin map this
is the only island here I'm just go to
the big island the main one this and
it's covered by trees it's frickin
really green and like what the heck what
is this well this all this stuff I think
that's swamp over there but look at this
this is water there's nothing else here
like what it oh I was pretty
disappointed with this world cuz i
wanted to focus up mountains and some
like rivers and ravines I guess Chris
Paul another one like what the heck you
know if you want to make out lantus or
something you probably use this map
going right in the middle but look at
this it's just water completely useless
for my needs but oh well if you guys are
not like I don't know mixed civilization
over here whatever what's this chicken
yeah that's pretty much it that's all i
wanted to show you guys pretty neat if
you guys want the world helped put pile
up i'll put the what's McCollum's the
seed in the description below but geez
disappointment everywhere ah
and it goes really deep the water like
jeez well thank you for watching you
guys again the seed will be in the
description good bad